
The language consists of ten constraint configs: 
Sym, Board, Start, End, Obj, DesObj, Req, Opt, Trans, TransSim

Although the language is domain specific, it was designed with the mantra: 
The easy stuff should be easy, and the hard stuff should be possible.

------ Overview ------

The main information area is called the Board which consists of a collection of board-cells on a 2d plane.
Sym is used to define what optional symbol each board-cell can be. The Board exists over many stages defined
as an argument into the compiler and can transition from one set of symbols in its board-cells, to another
using Trans and TransSim.

Start defines what constraints the board is required to have at the first stage and End defines what
constraints must be met at the last stage.

To segment the board based on similar features, you define objects using Obj which consists of obj-cells.
Objects are defined using DesObj (describe object) which actually says what board-cell matches to each obj-cell. 
Board can be treated as an object.

Req, Opt, Trans, and TransSim all define constraints on objects:
	- Req (require) forces all defined objects that share its object to follow the rules it has indicated.
	- Opt (option) forces its defined objects to follow at least one of the requirements in its opt-group.
	- Trans (transition) defines a transition from one stage to another where only the obj-cells change.
	- TransSim (simultaneous transition) is like Trans but allows multiple transitions to happen in a single stage iteration.

The human readable output file will consist of the symbols in the board-cells at each stage
and the transistion or simultaneous transitions that happened in between.

------ Sym ------

Sym sets what any board-cell can be.
Sym optional-name { sym1 sym2 ... }
multiple symbol lists can be created, but must be created at the top of the file

------ Board ------

Board defines where the board-cells are placed and can be represented by another 
symbol list other than the no-name symbol list. These can be seperated 
by ; to indicate a line change. Must appear after Sym.
Board{ board-cell1; board-cell2:another-symbol-list-name ... }

------ Start ------

Start defines what is in the first stage. It is treated as a Req 
that only effects the first stage. Must appear after Board if it is defined,
however it is possible for it and End to not be defined.
Start{ some-sym1 some-sym2 }

------ End ------

Same as start, but is treated as a Req that only effects the last stage.
End{ some-sym1 some-sym2 }

------ Obj ------

Obj creates an object.
Obj obj-name{ obj-cell1 obj-cell2 }

------ DesObj ------

DesObj indicates what board-cells that Obj can define. DesObj can also have a name which 
appears along with the transition that used it in the output file.
DesObj optional-desobj-name:obj-name{ board-cell1 board-cell2 ... }

------ Req ------

Req defines what rules the object must follow (defined over all board-cells 
written in desobj of this object)
Req optional-req-name:obj-name{ rule1 rule2 ... }

Rules include: 
	- Specific obj-cell must be one of some symbols: (sym1,sym2,...).
	- A temporary variable can be created which can be used to force multiple obj-cells to match symbols.
		Any string not a symbol is considered a temporary variable: temp-var temp-var
	- A temporary variable can be both defined and constrained: new-tem-var:(sym1,sym2,other-temp-var,...)
	- These can also be negated meaning they can be anything but this: new-tem-var:(!other-temp-var,...)

Note that for each stage all of the requirements are repeated, so it is best to 
minimize the number of needed stages.

It is possible for a constraint (Req, Opt, Trans, TransSim) to define what stages it is valid for.
Req(start-at-stage:end-at-stage) optional-req-name:obj-name{ rule1 rule2 ... }

------ Opt ------

Opt is similar to req but must match at least one in the opt-group, and opt-group is defined by the option name
Opt opt-name:obj-name{ rule1 rule2 ... }
Opt opt-name:obj-name{ rule1 rule2 ... }

------ Trans ------

Trans also uses the same rules as Req, but these rules exist over two stages.
If these conditions are met this trans can take place.
Trans trans-name:obj-name{ rule1 rule2 ... => rule3 rule4 ... }

------ TransSim ------

Same as Trans, but allows multiple transitions to happen in a single stage iteration.
TransSim trans-name:obj-name{ rule1 rule2 ... => rule3 rule4 ... }

